Storytelling with Stream Data Homework 1

In this homework, I use tweets stream data from Twitter. People tweets their daily life on 
Twitter every day. What I got from Twitter contains all the related information about the 
tweets people send. For example, I can see the create date, which means I know when people
sent this tweet. I can see the user ID, which means I can know who sent this tweet. I can 
see the text, which means I can know what content he or she was saying. What is his or her
feeling? Did he or she participate in an activities? Where does he or she travel? What
things does he or she care about? I can also see if there are someone replied to them?
How many followers does he or she have? How many people love the content he or she posted?

In this homework, I focused on the tweets content and the users. I filtered the tweets by
New York and NBA these two keywords. Then I got all the tweets related to New York and 
NBA. Then I chose to display the user IDs of these tweets. I want to know who care and are
intersted in New York and NBA. After finding the user IDs, I may further do recommendation,
or send New York and NBA products or informations to them, because they are interested in 
New York and NBA. 

The volume of the tweets are huge. According to statista, there are 320 million active users
on Twitter and around 500 million tweets per day. It's obvious that I can't handle such
a huge amount of data. So I filtered the data before receiving them. I filtered the data
by New York and NBA. I collected the data for two days, and saved the data into a text file.
The file size is 242MB, and the number of tweets is 71238. So it's about 35619 tweets per day.

Twitter_streaming.py file receives the tweets data, and filter the data by New York and NBA.
It also finds the user IDs who tweet the message and print the user IDs to stdout so that
we can see the results in the terminal.

To run the twitter_streaming.py file, first you need to apply user credentials by using 
your own Twitter account and fill it in. Then running the python file, the user IDs who
may be interested in New York and NBA will show in the terminal.

Webpage.html file creates a webpage that can consumes the user IDs on the webpage. It creates
a websocket server. When running the webpage.html file, you can first see a header tells 
you that this page will show you the user IDs who may be interested in New York and NBA, 
after a few second, the user IDs will generate line by line.

In order to run the webpage.html file correctly, first please close the terminal which is 
showing the results generated by twitter_streaming.py file if it's still open and running. 
Because sometimes it will cause conflict. After that, please double check if the
twitter_streaming.py file and webpage.html file are put in the same path. Then we can open
a new terminal and $cd ./path to the file. And then run 
$websocketd --port=9999 ./twitter_streaming.py. Please double check the port number is the 
same as the port number in the html file. If you don't see the server start, it means you 
need to change permission of the python file. To change the permission, first 
$cd /path to file. Then run $chmod 777 twitter_streaming.py. After this, we are finally 
ready to run the html file.

Run $cd /path to file. Then $websocketd --port=9999 ./twitter_streaming.py, please make sure
the port number is the same as the one in the html file. Then you should see the websocket 
server start. When it starts, you can open the html file by double clicking, then you can 
see a webpage pop up (chrome), and the head shows the user IDs related to New York and 
NBA will show below. After a few seconds, the user IDs will show on the webpage line by line.

